PRIVACY.md, before:

# Rural Environmental Registry Privacy Policy
October 24, 2025

## What do we mean by "personal information?"
For us, "personal information" means information which either directly identifies you (like your name, email address, or billing information) or can be reasonably linked or combined to identify you (like an account identification number or IP address). We’ll always tell you what personal information we’re collecting from you. See each product’s Privacy Notice for specific details.

Any information that falls outside of this is "non-personal information."

If we store your personal information with information that is non-personal, we will consider the combination as personal information. If we remove all personal information from a set of data then the remaining is non-personal information.

## How do we learn information about you?
We learn information about you when:

* you give it to us directly (e.g., when you choose to send us crash reports);
* we collect it automatically through our products and services (e.g., when your Firefox browser checks with us to see if it is up to date);
* someone else tells us information about you (e.g., when Thunderbird works with your email providers to set up your account); or
* when we try and understand more about you based on information you've given to us (e.g., when we use your IP address to customize language for some of our services).

## What do we do with your information once we have it?
When you give us information, we will use it in the ways for which you've given us permission. Generally, we use your information to help us provide and improve our products and services for you.

## When do we share your information with others?
* When we have asked and received your permission to share it.
* When we are fulfilling our mission of being open. We sometimes release information to make our products better and foster an open web, but when we do so, we will remove your personal information and try to disclose it in a way that minimizes the risk of you being re-identified.
* When the law requires it. We follow the law whenever we receive requests about you from a government or related to a lawsuit. We'll notify you when we're asked to hand over your personal information in this way unless we're legally prohibited from doing so. When we receive requests like this, we'll only release your personal information if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. Nothing in this policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party's request to disclose your information.
* When we believe it is necessary to prevent harm to you or someone else. We will only share your information in this way if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of you, our other users, Mozilla or the public.

## How do we store and protect your personal information?
We are committed to protecting your personal information once we have it. We implement physical, business and technical security measures. Despite our efforts, if we learn of a security breach, we'll notify you so that you can take appropriate protective steps.

We also don't want your personal information for any longer than we need it, so we only keep it long enough to do what we collected it for. Once we don't need it, we take steps to destroy it unless we are required by law to keep it longer.

## What if we change this privacy policy or any of our privacy notices?
We may need to change this policy and our notices. The updates will be posted online. If the changes are substantive, we will announce the update through project's usual channels for such announcements such as blog posts and forums. Your continued use of the product or service after the effective date of such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. To make your review more convenient, we will post an effective date at the top of the page.

Ministry of Management and Innovation in Public Services (MGI), Government of Brazil. \
SHCS CLS 404 Bl. A \
Asa Sul, Brasília, DF \
Zip-code 70238-510 \
BRAZIL

Commit message:

docs: add multilingual documentation structure and compliance updates
- Add CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md (Contributor Covenant 2.1) for harassment protection
- Add explicit LGPD (Law 13.709/2018) reference in PRIVACY.md
- Create multilingual documentation hub in docs/ (EN/PT-BR)
- Add documentation structure with placeholders for PDF conversion
- Add submodules guide and contributing guidelines
- Update README with Code of Conduct reference
- Add images folder for documentation assets

PRIVACY.md, after:

# Rural Environmental Registry Privacy Policy
October 24, 2025

## Privacy and Applicable Laws

This system complies with the **Brazilian General Data Protection Law (LGPD) - Law No. 13.709/2018** and follows its principles for the collection, processing, storage, and protection of personal data.

## What do we mean by "personal information?"
For us, "personal information" means information which either directly identifies you (like your name, email address, or billing information) or can be reasonably linked or combined to identify you (like an account identification number or IP address). We’ll always tell you what personal information we’re collecting from you. See each product’s Privacy Notice for specific details.

Any information that falls outside of this is "non-personal information."

If we store your personal information with information that is non-personal, we will consider the combination as personal information. If we remove all personal information from a set of data then the remaining is non-personal information.

## How do we learn information about you?
We learn information about you when:

* you give it to us directly (e.g., when you choose to send us crash reports);
* we collect it automatically through our products and services (e.g., when your Firefox browser checks with us to see if it is up to date);
* someone else tells us information about you (e.g., when Thunderbird works with your email providers to set up your account); or
* when we try and understand more about you based on information you've given to us (e.g., when we use your IP address to customize language for some of our services).

## What do we do with your information once we have it?
When you give us information, we will use it in the ways for which you've given us permission. Generally, we use your information to help us provide and improve our products and services for you.

## When do we share your information with others?
* When we have asked and received your permission to share it.
* When we are fulfilling our mission of being open. We sometimes release information to make our products better and foster an open web, but when we do so, we will remove your personal information and try to disclose it in a way that minimizes the risk of you being re-identified.
* When the law requires it. We follow the law whenever we receive requests about you from a government or related to a lawsuit. We'll notify you when we're asked to hand over your personal information in this way unless we're legally prohibited from doing so. When we receive requests like this, we'll only release your personal information if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. Nothing in this policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party's request to disclose your information.
* When we believe it is necessary to prevent harm to you or someone else. We will only share your information in this way if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of you, our other users, Mozilla or the public.

## How do we store and protect your personal information?
We are committed to protecting your personal information once we have it. We implement physical, business and technical security measures. Despite our efforts, if we learn of a security breach, we'll notify you so that you can take appropriate protective steps.

We also don't want your personal information for any longer than we need it, so we only keep it long enough to do what we collected it for. Once we don't need it, we take steps to destroy it unless we are required by law to keep it longer.

## What if we change this privacy policy or any of our privacy notices?
We may need to change this policy and our notices. The updates will be posted online. If the changes are substantive, we will announce the update through project's usual channels for such announcements such as blog posts and forums. Your continued use of the product or service after the effective date of such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. To make your review more convenient, we will post an effective date at the top of the page.

Ministry of Management and Innovation in Public Services (MGI), Government of Brazil. \
SHCS CLS 404 Bl. A \
Asa Sul, Brasília, DF \
Zip-code 70238-510 \
BRAZIL
